CMake enabled blocks (#3786)
conan-io/docs: reference/tools/cmake/cmaketoolchain.rst

  - Definition of ``CMAKE_VS_DEBUGGER_ENVIRONMENT`` when on Windows with Visual Studio.
    This sets up the ``PATH`` environment variable to point to directories containing DLLs,
    to allow debugging directly from the Visual Studio IDE without copying DLLs (requires CMake 3.27).

>   - Definition of ``CONAN_RUNTIME_LIB_DIRS`` to allow collecting runtime depencies (shared libraries),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Definition of ``CONAN_RUNTIME_LIB_DIRS`` to allow collecting runtime dependencies (shared libraries),
```

                cmake.configure()

.. note::

    **Important notes**

    - In most cases, ``tools.cmake.cmaketoolchain:user_toolchain`` will be preferred over ``tools.cmake.cmaketoolchain:toolchain_file``
    - The definition of a ``tools.cmake.cmaketoolchain:user_toolchain`` inhibits the automatic definition of
      ``CMAKE_SYSTEM_NAME``, ``CMAKE_SYSTEM_VERSION`` and ``CMAKE_SYSTEM_PROCESSOR`` that Conan would try to auto-detect
      in cases of cross-building, and the user toolchains should provide these values or use other confs such as 
      ``tools.cmake.cmaketoolchain:system_name``.
    - The usage of ``tools.cmake.cmaketoolchain:enabled_blocks`` can be used together with ``tools.cmake.cmaketoolchain:user_toolchain``

>       to enable only certain blocks but avoid CMakeToolchain to be overriding CMake values defined in the user toolchain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      to enable only certain blocks but avoid CMakeToolchain to override CMake values defined in the user toolchain
```
